README.md, before:

# lrucache

[![Build Status][ci-img]][ci] [![Go Report Card][lint-img]][lint] [![Coverage Status][cover-img]][cover] [![GoDoc][godoc-img]][godoc]

Package lrucache implements a LRU cache with fixed maximum size which removes the
least recently used entry if an entry is added when full.

It supports entry removal callbacks and has an atomic Get/Set operation ([GetWithDefault]).

## Installation

```bash
go get -u github.com/db47h/lrucache
```

## Usage

Read the [API docs][godoc].

Some sample code:

TODO


## Concurrent use

TODO

## Specializing the Key and Value types

The Key and Value types are defined in [types.go] as interfaces. Users who need to
use concrete types instead of interfaces can easily customize these by vendoring
the package then redefine Key and Value in types.go. This file is dedicated to
this purpose and should not change in future versions.

[ci]: https://travis-ci.org/db47h/lrucache
[ci-img]: https://travis-ci.org/db47h/lrucache.svg?branch=master
[lint]: https://goreportcard.com/report/github.com/db47h/lrucache
[lint-img]: https://goreportcard.com/badge/github.com/db47h/lrucache
[cover]: https://coveralls.io/github/db47h/lrucache
[cover-img]: https://coveralls.io/repos/github/db47h/lrucache/badge.svg
[godoc]: https://godoc.org/github.com/db47h/lrucache
[godoc-img]: https://godoc.org/github.com/db47h/lrucache?status.svg

[GetWithDefault]: https://godoc.org/github.com/db47h/lrucache#LRUCache.GetWithDefault
[types.go]: https://github.com/db47h/lrumap/blob/master/types.go

Commit message:

API update (should be final)
- use proper cache terminology in the API
- more tests

README.md, after:

# lrucache

[![Build Status][ci-img]][ci] [![Go Report Card][lint-img]][lint] [![Coverage Status][cover-img]][cover] [![GoDoc][godoc-img]][godoc]

Package lrucache implements an LRU cache with optional automatic item eviction.

It also supports item creation and removal callbacks, enabling a pattern like

```go
    v, _ = cache.Get(key)
    if v == nil {
        cache.Set(newValueForKey(key))
    }
```

 to work as an atomic cache operation via a single Get() call.

The Key and Value types are defined in types.go as interfaces. Users who need
to use concrete types instead of interfaces can easily customize these by
vendoring the package then redefine Key and Value in types.go. This file is
dedicated to this purpose and should not change in future versions.

## Installation

```bash
go get -u github.com/db47h/lrucache
```

## Usage & examples.

Read the [API docs][godoc].

## Concurrent use

TODO (not built-in, users need to provide their own locking).

## Specializing the Key and Value types

The Key and Value types are defined in [types.go] as interfaces. Users who need to
use concrete types instead of interfaces can easily customize these by vendoring
the package then redefine Key and Value in types.go. This file is dedicated to
this purpose and should not change in future versions.

[ci]: https://travis-ci.org/db47h/lrucache
[ci-img]: https://travis-ci.org/db47h/lrucache.svg?branch=master
[lint]: https://goreportcard.com/report/github.com/db47h/lrucache
[lint-img]: https://goreportcard.com/badge/github.com/db47h/lrucache
[cover]: https://coveralls.io/github/db47h/lrucache
[cover-img]: https://coveralls.io/repos/github/db47h/lrucache/badge.svg
[godoc]: https://godoc.org/github.com/db47h/lrucache
[godoc-img]: https://godoc.org/github.com/db47h/lrucache?status.svg

[GetWithDefault]: https://godoc.org/github.com/db47h/lrucache#LRUCache.GetWithDefault
[types.go]: https://github.com/db47h/lrumap/blob/master/types.go
